[FEAT] Add transformers backend support (#5929)
sgl-project/sglang: docs/backend/server_arguments.md

| `kv_cache_dtype` | Dtype of the kv cache. | `auto` |
| `context_length` | The model's maximum context length. Defaults to None (will use the value from the model's config.json instead). Note that extending the default might lead to strange behavior. | None |
| `device` | The device we put the model. | None |

> | `impl` | The implementation of the model to use. Will default to SGlang implementation and fallback to transformers if needed | `auto` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `impl` | The implementation of the model to use. Defaults to SGlang implementation and fall back to transformers if needed | `auto` |
```

| `kv_cache_dtype` | Dtype of the kv cache. | `auto` |
| `context_length` | The model's maximum context length. Defaults to None (will use the value from the model's config.json instead). Note that extending the default might lead to strange behavior. | None |
| `device` | The device we put the model. | None |

> | `model-impl` | The implementation of the model to use. Will default to SGlang implementaion and fallback to transformers if needed | `auto` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `model_impl` | The implementation of the model to use. Will default to SGlang implementaion and fallback to transformers if needed | `auto` |
```
